Docker scan images - 1st draft (#718)
goldbergyoni/nodebestpractices: README.md

<br/><br/>

## ![✔] 8.1. Clean npm cache

**TL;DR:**

**Otherwise:**

🔗 [**Read More: Clean npm cache**](/sections/docker/file.md)

<br /><br /><br />

## ![✔] 8.2. Bootstrap the code using 'node' command, avoid 'npm run' scripts

**TL;DR:**

**Otherwise:**

🔗 [**Read More: Clean npm cache**](/sections/docker/file.md)

<br /><br /><br />

## ![✔] 8.3. Install packages for production

**TL;DR:**

**Otherwise:**

🔗 [**Read More: Bootstrap the code using 'node' command, avoid 'npm run' scripts**](/sections/docker/file.md)

<br /><br /><br />

## ![✔] 8.4. Lint your Dockerfile

**TL;DR:**

**Otherwise:**

🔗 [**Read More: Lint your Dockerfile**](/sections/docker/file.md)

<br /><br /><br />

## ![✔] 8.5. Utilize caching for better build time

**TL;DR:**

**Otherwise:**

🔗 [**Read More: Utilize caching for better build time**](/sections/docker/file.md)

<br /><br /><br />

## ![✔] 8.6. Set Docker memory limits which are in-par with v8 memory limit

**TL;DR:**

**Otherwise:**

🔗 [**Read More: Set Docker memory limits which are in-par with v8 memory limit**](/sections/docker/file.md)

<br /><br /><br />

## ![✔] 8.7. Scan your image for vulnerabilities

> **TL;DR:** Besides checking code dependencies vulnerabilities, also scan the final image that is shipped to production. Docker image scanners check the code dependencies but also the OS binaries. This E2E security scan covers more ground and verifies that no bad guy injected bad things during the build. Consequently, it is recommended running this as the last step before deployment. There are a handful of free and commercial scanners that also provide CI/CD plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**TL;DR:** Besides checking code dependency vulnerabilities, also scan the final image that is shipped to production. Docker image scanners check the code dependencies but also the OS binaries. This E2E security scan covers more ground and verifies that no bad actor injected bad things during the build. Consequently, it is recommended running this as the last step before deployment. There are a handful of free and commercial scanners that also provide CI/CD plugins
```
